hey everybody welcome to another edition
of Carter our I'm out here with the 2008
Mercury Grand Marquis have another Grand
Marquis video in a while and the molding
had come off this actual area was
impacted and when it was taken to a body
shop a non dealership body shop they did
not apply this right or use proper tape
or just didn't put it on there right or
they might even have not you know
removed because both molding pieces were
good so I checked and they are in the
original that there was reapplied to
this car however they might not even
scraped off the extra adhesive that came
off the old you know old area whatever
they held a ever did repair the second
thing being repaired it right honestly
because that fender even there is
starting to rust which is entertaining
beyond belief was a local body shop in
this area which I wouldn't send my worst
enemies car to anyway I'm just rubbing
out this strip right now I'm using it's
kind of a it's a paint prepper to prop
the surface and it also works for
removing bugs and tar I had that cans
since I had my 88 grandma turkey words
we're talking oh gosh
sixteen years ago these 16 years ago
I've had that can that one and it still
works stuff still works very efficient
what I'm doing is I'm putting it on
heavy over the I have to scrape it down
see you can see still there's some parts
here so I'm taking a razor blade the
razor blade very carefully and just
getting it down to the bare minimum and
then I'm soaking it and it just
literally comes off after that so it is
paint see if it actually removes all the
crap that's on the paint so actually
acts as a cleaner as well so I just did
that front part right there and now I'm
just going to complete this and then I'm
going to take a dremel and take the
molding pieces which I'll show you the
molding pieces here these are the two
molding pieces that off the car and it
looks like they kind of just put the
tape over the existing tape and I think
that's what caused that all the issues
begin with so I'm going to remove all of
this and then reapply the tape very
carefully and I think we'll be good to
go I hope so anyways alright so I'm
gonna go ahead and work on that portion
will be back and you'll give this guy's
good to see it that all off so alright
there's the front door
a 2008 Mercury Grand Marquis now might
notice a little bit of dirt I'm actually
going to run you know compound and a
polish on here before I go ahead and
reapply the strip so and plus the skirt
is going to need it anyways it's been a
while and this car is a mess so I
doesn't see a car with too much and that
really disappoints me but can you do
alright I'm going to go ahead and wash
this door and I'm going to wash it with
dish soap and the reason I say dish soap
isn't because it removes all the grime
off of it and gets all the grease and
the grip you never want to use this soap
after you've completely compounded
polished and waxed a vehicle because it
will remove the wax from the interior or
the exterior well so probably tomorrow I
will do a overview of my 12 2012 in
padlock I've got it nice and clean now
that's what I've been waiting for so all
right let's get the storm washed up get
it common pounded and polished get those
strips back on
well that didn't clean up too bad we're
going to go ahead and polish or compound
and polish so stand by for that I'm
going to go ahead and do that and then
we'll move on to installing the molding
back on looks pretty clean actually well
after getting everything in order here
stripping down the old adhesive and
getting this ready for tape we'll see
how it goes
took a long time to do this piece all
right let's get to work I'm taping
well here we are four o'clock in the
morning there's the final product
the
molding is completed took a little bit
to get it
tweaked in but then look too bad every
piece is back on now so it looks like a
real car and then eventually he'll get
the car cleaned up polished or
compounded polished and waxed and also
in a room to the bumper and they had a
few
damage marks but I went through and
covered it up with the touch-up paint as
you can see there's a little bit there
so actual that in red this was never
fixed right in the front end cheap parts
old rusty parts were used irritates me
so anyways I'm going to get that back on
there was it was a challenge but anyways
um I'm gonna go ahead and go to bed now
you know get this up on YouTube for all
of you YouTube subscribers France
appreciate your sticking around and I'm
hoping to make more videos but time will
tell
all right take care for 16th of May
today alright see ya